[doc][2024.2] Update Connection Manager GFlags section (#25924)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/explore/going-beyond-sql/connection-mgr-ysql.md

| ysql_conn_mgr_tcp_keepalive_probes | Number of TCP keepalive probes in YSQL Connection Manager. Only applicable if 'ysql_conn_mgr_tcp_keepalive' is enabled. | 9 |
| ysql_conn_mgr_tcp_keepalive_usr_timeout | TCP user timeout (in milliseconds) in YSQL Connection Manager. Only applicable if 'ysql_conn_mgr_tcp_keepalive' is enabled. | 9 |
| ysql_conn_mgr_pool_timeout | Server pool wait timeout (in milliseconds) in YSQL Connection Manager. This is the time clients wait for an available server, after which they are disconnected. If set to zero, clients wait for server connections indefinitely. | 0 |
| ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode | Sequence support mode when YSQL connection manager is enabled. When set to  'pooled_without_curval_lastval', the currval() and lastval() functions are not supported. When set to 'pooled_with_curval_lastval', the currval() and lastval() functions are supported. For both settings, monotonic sequence order is not guaranteed if `ysql_sequence_cache_method` is set to `connection`. To also support monotonic order, set this flag to `session`. | pooled_without_curval_lastval |

> | ysql_conn_mgr_optimized_extended_query_protocol | Enables optimized extended query protocol in Ysql Connection Manager. If set to false, extended query protocol handling is fully correct but unoptimized. | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ysql_conn_mgr_optimized_extended_query_protocol | Enables optimized extended query protocol in YSQL Connection Manager. If set to false, extended query protocol handling is fully correct but unoptimized. | true |
```

Reviewer: This is fine I guess, but if the default is true, why does this flag exist to turn it off? Is there a point or is this just here for completeness sake and nobody would ever use it

| ysql_conn_mgr_tcp_keepalive_usr_timeout | TCP user timeout (in milliseconds) in YSQL Connection Manager. Only applicable if 'ysql_conn_mgr_tcp_keepalive' is enabled. | 9 |
| ysql_conn_mgr_pool_timeout | Server pool wait timeout (in milliseconds) in YSQL Connection Manager. This is the time clients wait for an available server, after which they are disconnected. If set to zero, clients wait for server connections indefinitely. | 0 |
| ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode | Sequence support mode when YSQL connection manager is enabled. When set to  'pooled_without_curval_lastval', the currval() and lastval() functions are not supported. When set to 'pooled_with_curval_lastval', the currval() and lastval() functions are supported. For both settings, monotonic sequence order is not guaranteed if `ysql_sequence_cache_method` is set to `connection`. To also support monotonic order, set this flag to `session`. | pooled_without_curval_lastval |

> | ysql_conn_mgr_optimized_extended_query_protocol | Enables optimized extended query protocol in YSQL Connection Manager. If set to false, extended query protocol handling is fully correct but unoptimized. | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ysql_conn_mgr_optimized_extended_query_protocol | Enables optimization of [extended-query protocol](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/protocol-overview.html#PROTOCOL-QUERY-CONCEPTS) to provide better performance; note that while optimization is enabled, you may have correctness issues if you alter the schema of objects used in prepared statements. If set to false, extended-query protocol handling is always fully correct but unoptimized. | true |
```
